# Motorola Fastboot Commands

## Tested on Troika Engineering unit

fastboot oem help
fastboot oem config
fastboot oem partition
fastboot oem ramdump
fastboot oem blankflash
fastboot oem fb_mode_set
fastboot oem fb_mode_clear
fastboot oem bp-tools-on
fastboot oem bp-tools-off
fastboot oem qcom-on
fastboot oem qcom-off
fastboot oem build-signature
fastboot oem display
fastboot oem backlight
fastboot oem logo
fastboot oem unlock
fastboot oem lock
fastboot oem get_unlock_data
fastboot oem cid_prov_req
fastboot oem wptest
fastboot oem logdump
fastboot oem shwi_test
fastboot oem prod_fuse
fastboot oem regex
fastboot oem pmic
fastboot oem led
fastboot oem read_sv
fastboot oem sp_test
fastboot oem off-mode-charge
fastboot oem show_screen
fastboot oem usb_tune
fastboot oem bd65060
fastboot oem lp8556
fastboot oem isl98611
fastboot oem smb1359
